Update query-builder.rst (#6966)
cakephp/docs: en/orm/query-builder.rst

    $query = $articles->find();
    $query->select(['count' => $query->func()->count('*')]);

> Note that most of the functions accept an additional argument to specify the types to bind to the arguments and/or the return type,
> for example:
> 
> 
>     $query->select(['minDate' => $query->func()->min('date', ['text']);
> 
> 
> For details, see the documentation for [FunctionsBuilder](https://api.cakephp.org/4.1/class-Cake.Database.FunctionsBuilder.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that most of the functions accept an additional argument to specify the types
to bind to the arguments and/or the return type, for example::

    $query->select(['minDate' => $query->func()->min('date', ['date']);

For details, see the documentation for :php:class:`Cake\\Database\\FunctionsBuilder`.
```

> For details, see the documentation for [FunctionsBuilder](https://api.cakephp.org/4.1/class-Cake.Database.FunctionsBuilder.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For details, see the documentation for `FunctionsBuilder <https://api.cakephp.org/4.x/class-Cake.Database.FunctionsBuilder.html>`__
```

Reviewer 3: I wonder if we can setup a redirect for `api.cakephp.org/4/class-` urls to the latest release.

Reviewer 2: Derp I should be using the 4.x redirect.
